# S-SNAP1.0

The program correponds to the paper named "Seismicity-scanning Based on Navigated Automatic Phase-picking" by Tan et al. 2019. JGR: Solid Earth. Please cite the paper if you use the code. 

# Run the tests

To get started, you need to download all the files in the folder including the testing data, which may take a few hours because of the file size.

The program is written in Python 3, and request some basic packages: numpy, numba, obspy, matplotlib and basemap. Before running the test, please make sure that you have installed the aformentioned packages. 

To run the test, simply run "snap.bash" in command line. The current code will read data and save results to H3 (hour 3). Note that the final plot "cataloghigh.pdf" is already in the folder before you run the test and the program will overwrite it. In the first run, we recommand that you copy that figure to somewhere else and compare it with the new file generated by your test run to make sure you are running the code properly and get the same results as the original one. 

The processing time may vary depending your machine capacity. It takes about 3 hours on my laptop computer. 

If you want to run tests for hour 1 and hour 2, you need to open source code beginning with 0,1,2,3,4,5, respectively, and substitute "H3" with "H1" or "H2", wherever it occurs. 

# Further information

This code was written by Fengzhou Tan in University of Victoria, Canada. If you have more questions, please feel free to contact Fengzhou at ftan@uvic.ca. 
